Hi everybody and welcome to our last beat you do in the last videos we try to solve one of e-commerce
biggest problems credit card fraud that section 4 that we used our real data set with real credit card
transactions that had been anonymize for us.
We came to the conclusion that we had to be not Lessie fire a system that could tell apart from the
low end transactions from non fraudulent ones.
We will do our best to try to avoid that anyone uses our stolen credit cards in our website but at the
same time we will try not to disturb our regular users.
From our exploration we said that we would need to deal with a highly unbalanced data set.
That means that the vast majority of Horten sections would be none fraudulent ones and that just makes
it harder for our classifier to learn from our training that we saw what support Buckton machines or
SBM swar.
Also we saw what the solution juries were as well as random forest.
Another machine learning algorithms we use so gets learned by the library.
So we didn't have to program ourselves.
That allowed us to come to our solution with just a few lines of code but we also tried to solve this
problem using the plumbing.
We built a stack of dense layers we saw that dense layers will build just with the combination of perceptions
using over functions and activation functions.
For this part we used to sort of flow in combination with girls to try to solve the problem.
With that we could create and train our own deep narrow lead work again with only just a few lines of
code.
We also plotted our confusion matrix as we saw that accuracy wasn't a good enough measure to see how
our model was performing.
We talked about other interesting metrics such as regal that then give us a better idea of what's going
on with our transactions.
Finally wheels of light and there are some pulling on world some techniques we found especially good
results using Smout oversampling technique.
We found that we could give a delay Well almost every single fraudulent transaction.
And the vast majority of that non fraudulent ones aswell.
That's it for now.
I hope you enjoyed this as much as I did.
My name is USA.
And you can always reach me from my company's web page.
My big day I hope to see you again in other videos soon.